https://codepen.io/gregorypwalton/pen/oNzjboR?editors=1100


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
using descriptive tags 
2. What is HTML used for? 
defines the structure of a webpage
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
an attribute adds information to the html tag. It goes after the open tag 
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
the title or heading of the page. Generally, it should be used once to prevent confusion. 
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img needs src tag, a (link) needs href tag
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
metadata on the html and css 
7. What is an id? 
identifies a specific html tag
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any element
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
one
10. What is a class? 
an attribute that can be used to point to any html element
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
any element
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
one
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
add "target="_blank"
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
text description or backup graphic when an image fails to load
15. How do I reference an id?
use #
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
div gives no info on what's inside. Sections contain grouped content
17. What is CSS used for? 
editing the style or appearance of the html framework
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
classes can refer to multiple elements. An id can only reference one.
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class-name{}
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p{}
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
selects all elements that are a direct child of an element
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar > a{}
24. What is a pseudo selector?
a selector for a special state of an element
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
  border: 1px dotted black;
}
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
html{}
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*comment*/
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm. there is no "are you sure" prompt
34. Why should I use version control? 
allows multiple developers to edit code without risk to the master code
35. How often should I commit to github?
every time I commit locally
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork, add collaborators, clone, branch, commit regularly, push to remote repo, create pull request

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
a block element always starts a new line and uses the full width available. Inline only uses as much space as necessary
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
the element "floats" or does not move when scrolling the page
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
inline-block
4. Name 3 elements that are simply block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
1) div, section, header 2) span, a 3)button
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
all html elements can be considered boxes, which allows attributes like border and padding. Fix with box-sizing: border-box
